History
The first Thanksgiving was celebrated by Native Americans and what other group of people? Pilgrims
From which country did Mexico gain its independence in the 19th century? Spain
Which language is the mostly widely spoken in South America? Spanish
Which war was fought between the north and south regions in the United States? The Civil War
What city was the first to be attacked by an atomic bomb? Hiroshima
What type of feather, beginning with letter Q, did people write with during the Middle Ages? Quill
Julius Caesar was the emperor of what empire? The Roman Empire
The first fireworks were invented in the 7th century in what country? China
The ancient Egyptian writing system was called what? Hieroglyphics
The Battle of Gettysburg was fought in which war? The Civil War

English and Literature
The plural of MOOSE is? Moose
How many letters are in the English alphabet? 26
What is the term for a word that is similar in meaning to another word? Synonym
What type of literature features magical creatures, such as giants, gnomes, and goblins? Fairy Tales
Is RED an adjective or a noun? Both
What is the term for a word that has the opposite meaning of another word? Antonym
The person in a novel who tells the story from a third-person perspective is called a what? A narrator
The main series of events in a story is called a what? A plot
What is the main character in a story called? A protagonist
Who is the creator of the classic book characters Tom Sawyer and Huckleberry Finn? Mark Twain

Geography
How many continents are there? 7
In which country are the famous Pyramids of Giza? Egypt
How many states are in the United States of America? 50
Which state is called the Lone Star state? Texas
In what state is the Grand Canyon located? Arizona
In what country is the famous Taj Mahal located? India
What is the longest river in the world? The Amazon
Where is the largest desert in the world located? Northern Africa
What is the southernmost continent called? Antarctica
Which country is both an island and a continent? Australia

The Sciences
What is H2O also known as? Water
What gas is in the air we breathe? Oxygen
What gas do plants breathe in that humans and animals breathe out? Carbon dioxide
Earth is located in what galaxy? The Milky Way
What is the closest planet to the sun? Mercury
What planet is nicknamed the Red Planet? Mars
Animals that eat only meat are known as what? Carnivores
How long does Earth take to revolve once around the sun? 365 days
Animals without backbones are known as? Invertebrates
What species can live on both water and land? Amphibians

Mathematics
You peer through a window into a classroom and count 20 eyes. If each person has a normal number of eyes, how many people are in the room? 10
What is the area of a triangle with a height of 4 and a width of 4? 8
Solve the following equation: 3 + 2 / 1 = ? 5
On a class field trip, there are 4 buses taking 36 students to the zoo. Each bus has the same number of student. How many students are on each bus? 9 students on each bus.
What number is the Roman numeral XVI? 16
If a shopping cart contains 1 apple, 2 bananas, 3 oranges & 4 hot dogs, what percent of the cart’s total contents is fruit? 60%
If the first person takes 25% of the cake and the second person takes 20% of the remainder, how much of the original cake remains? 60%
You have 20 pairs of shoes, but there is only room in your closet for 8 shoes. How many shoes do you have to get rid of? 32 shoes (16 pairs)
A hexagon has how many sides? 6
If a football field is 100 yards long, how many feet long is the football field? 300 feet